docs(readme): rewrite README for v4.0.0 and remove .idx artifact (#83)
open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs: README.md

## Install

```bash
go get github.com/open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs/v4@latest
```

## Quick start

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"time"

	"github.com/open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs/v4"
)

func main() {
	s := fsrs.NewFSRS(fsrs.DefaultParam())
	now := time.Now()
	card := fsrs.NewCard(now)

	// Preview all four ratings, then apply one.
	preview, err := s.Repeat(card, now)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	fmt.Println(preview[fsrs.Good])

	review, err := s.Next(card, now, fsrs.Good)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	card = review.Card
}
```

See the [GoDoc](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs/v4) for the full API reference.

## API

### High-level (`*FSRS`)

`*FSRS` is the complete scheduling layer. It walks a `Card` through its lifecycle
(New → Learning → Review → Relearning), applies learning steps and short-term
memory updates, optionally fuzzes intervals, and validates all input with
structured errors. This is the recommended entry point for most applications:

| Method | Returns | Purpose |
|---|---|---|

> | `Repeat(card, now)` | `(RecordLog, error)` | Preview the outcome of every rating. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Repeat(card, now)` | `(RecordLog, error)` | Returns the result of each potential rating. |
```

✅ Addressed by commit [`471cce7`](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs/commit/471cce7d67a04c9b2f81eb032718d91e0adbea2a)

> | `Next(card, now, grade)` | `(SchedulingInfo, error)` | Apply one review; returns updated card + `ReviewLog`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Next(card, now, grade)` | `(SchedulingInfo, error)` | Reviews the card with a given rating; returns the updated card + `ReviewLog`. |
```

✅ Addressed by commit [`471cce7`](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs/commit/471cce7d67a04c9b2f81eb032718d91e0adbea2a)

it computes the next stability, difficulty, and ideal review interval. There is no
scheduler, no card state machine, no learning steps, and no fuzz — just the core
math that the scheduler itself builds upon:

| Method | Returns |
|---|---|
| `ForgettingCurve(elapsedDays, stability)` | `float64` |
| `NextState(state, retention, days, grade)` | `ItemState` |
| `NextStates(state, retention, days)` | `NextStates` |
| `ApplyFuzz(interval, elapsedDays, enable)` | `float64` |

`NewBasicScheduler` / `NewLongTermScheduler` return a lightweight `*Scheduler` that
drives a single `Card` through steps and fuzz without validation. Neither `Preview()`
nor `Review(grade)` returns an error:

| Method | Returns |
|---|---|
| `Preview()` | `RecordLog` |
| `Review(grade)` | `SchedulingInfo` |

```go
p := fsrs.DefaultParam()
next := p.NextState(&fsrs.MemoryState{Stability: 5.0, Difficulty: 5.0}, 0.9, 3, fsrs.Good)
fmt.Println(next.Interval)

now := time.Now()
card := fsrs.NewCard(now)
s := p.NewBasicScheduler(card, now)
fmt.Println(s.Review(fsrs.Good).Card.Due)
```

Enable interval fuzz with `p.EnableFuzz = true`; schedulers spread reviews across

> nearby days, seeded per-card for reproducibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable interval fuzz with `p.EnableFuzz = true`. This will cause scheduler to spread reviews across
nearby days. The randomness is seeded per-card for reproducibility.
```
maybe this too

✅ Addressed by commit [`471cce7`](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs/commit/471cce7d67a04c9b2f81eb032718d91e0adbea2a)

### Weights

> FSRS v6 uses a 21-element weight vector (`Weights` = `[21]float64`). `DefaultWeights()` returns the built-in baseline; the helpers below convert from older formats:

Reviewer: is this "parameters" now?

✅ Addressed by commit [`471cce7`](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs/commit/471cce7d67a04c9b2f81eb032718d91e0adbea2a)

Author: Hey Luc
No... wights is a separate type from parameters.
This section is only about weight conversion helpers.

✅ Addressed by commit [`471cce7`](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs/commit/471cce7d67a04c9b2f81eb032718d91e0adbea2a)

> FSRS v6 uses a 21-element weight vector (`Weights` = `[21]float64`). `DefaultWeights()` returns the built-in baseline; the helpers below convert from older formats:

Reviewer 2: You could add a link next to DefaultWeights so developers know where these values come from:
https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/awesome-fsrs/wiki/The-Algorithm#default-parameters
Alternatively, adding it as a code comment would work as well.

✅ Addressed by commit [`471cce7`](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs/commit/471cce7d67a04c9b2f81eb032718d91e0adbea2a)

| Helper | Input | Converts from |
|---|---|---|
| `ConvertV5Weights` | `[19]float64` | FSRS v5 |
| `ConvertV45Weights` | `[17]float64` | FSRS v4.5 |
| `MigrateWeights` | `[]float64` | Auto-detect (17/19/21) |

### Errors

Invalid input returns a typed `*fsrs.Error` with a machine-readable `Code`,
compatible with `errors.Is` / `errors.As`:

```go
var fsrsErr *fsrs.Error
if errors.As(err, &fsrsErr) {
	fmt.Println(fsrsErr.Code) // e.g. fsrs.ErrCodeInvalidInput
}
```

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. Suggestions, bug reports, and feature ideas belong in [Issues](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs/issues).

> For algorithm design discussions, please use [open-spaced-repetition/free-spaced-repetition-scheduler](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/free-spaced-repetition-scheduler).

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend moving this discussion to the organization's Discussions page instead: https://github.com/orgs/open-spaced-repetition/discussions

✅ Addressed by commit [`471cce7`](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/go-fsrs/commit/471cce7d67a04c9b2f81eb032718d91e0adbea2a)
